[TT-17415] Update documentation for master (#2487)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: snippets/mdcb-config.mdx

ENV: <b>TYK_MDCB_SECURITY_PRIVATECERTIFICATEENCODINGSECRET</b><br />
Type: `string`<br />

> If you are using encrypted private keys, this is the secret to use to decrypt them. This must match the secret used for Gateway and Dashboard as explained [here](/docs/api-management/certificates#encryption-of-the-private-key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using encrypted private keys, this is the secret to use to decrypt them. This must match the secret used for Gateway and Dashboard as explained [here](/api-management/certificates#certificate-data).
```
